I don't have to say it. You're a good-for-nothing.
I know that. I'm a good-for-nothing to you.
Hey, old lady. Don't be so hard on me.
I was a poor boy.
I fell in love with you.
We're 20 years old. I'm 25.
We're the same age.
We've been together for 35 years.
You're not that bad.
We're not unstable anymore.
We're still severe.
The new years will house our luxury.
It'll be just us 2 orphans.
And all the swear words were stored in the devil's chest.
It's all just for dramatic Thirty- relevance.
I have to say something extra, so I'll ask.
Who is crying?
The father, Mr. Hinoki, is crying.
The wife's husband is Mikaawashima.
By the way, you're a good name.
If you don't give it to me, I'll just give it to you.
Hello, handsome guy.
That's what I said.
The day is closed. Let's have a meeting.
Is it over with your family?
How many people are you?
I will love you.
Next year is the first day.
Not oneself.
What is your grade?
I do baseball, too.
I have anthing to do at home.
I can massage my back.
It's great that you like it.
I'm young, I'm good at work.
It's getting hard.
How many full-terrain vehicles are in the other corner?
How old is your daughter?
She's 10 years old.
Oh, I see.
I'm sorry, but I can't help you.
Did you touch her?
You touched her so nicely.
You touched her so gently.
You touched her so hard.
You're a good man, and you're good at your job.
You're young.
You shouldn't do that.
Your daughter is 10 years old.
She's a full-time housewife.
She's still your daughter.
She's stuck to you, so you can't help her.
I see.
Maybe it's true.
I twenties at No. 3 today.
No?
I see.
Oh, you're cold.
Huh?
Everyone, take a seat.
You sit, please.
Wait.
I'll look at it.
Show me your back.
Oh, no.
Please let us be.
Please.
That lucky boy full of energy is heat.
Hey, our water is must be joined.
Mind your disinfectant.
Can I get how much?
Never mind.
The red is red.
The first and second
are doing their jobs.
Trom-ten Trom-ten
Katsutaran Katsutaran
What is this?
There are strange jobs.
The job is different.
The age is different.
The third month is the day of the moon.
The sixth month is the day of the moon.
I will do one thing.
If you count them,
you will continue to the moon.
It is tight.
It is sensitive.
The sun измен
it is sensitive.